“I do wish you’d tell me how you get all this money Chase,” Lia said, taking a stack of credits from Chase. It came out to around 5000 of them.
“Does it matter? I’m providing for you and Jack aren’t I?” Chase said, stepping over to the kitchen, the neon lights illuminating the dark city through the windows. 
The city was quiet at night, or it should be at least. Occasional gunshots pierced the silence. Chase ignored them–they were par for the course anyway. He opened the fridge and rummaged around for some food, finally deciding on some ready-to-eat noodles. 
“It does matter Chase, I don’t want you to put yourself in danger for us.” Lia said, lowering her voice to not wake up Jack who was sleeping in his room down the hallway.
“What’s the alternative? You start working?” Chase said, heating the noodles up in the microwave. “I work hard so that you can have the life you want, what I want doesn’t matter.”
“I want you to have the life you want too, Chase.”
“My job pays well, I’m not leaving it.”
“I’m not dumb Chase, I know you’ve been working for the Scavs.”
Chase opened his mouth to protest but Lia cut him off, her earrings bobbing as she got more animated.
“You need to stop. I don’t want to see you get hurt… or worse. How do you think Jack feels about his father never being home?” 
“It’s a little late for me to stop now Lia.” Chase said, sitting down on the couch, setting his food on the table in front of him. 
“It’s never too late.”
Chase sighed, resting his head in his palm.
“I’ve killed people, Lia.”
“I know, I’ve seen the blood on your clothes.”
“I’ve killed powerful people,” Chase said, “You can’t just erase that.”
“So we’ll move,” Lia replied, sitting down next to Chase, “We can leave Chroma and go to some other district, Helios is a big city.” 
“You really think so?” 
“I do, we can even start looking right now if you’d like.” Lia said, resting a hand on Chase’s shoulder. 
“What will we do? For work I mean.”
“We’ll figure it out—corpo’s always hiring, you could use your expertise there. And I’m sure I can always make money with the dolls.”
“Please tell me you're joking,” Chase said, “The last thing we need is you associating yourself with the dolls.”
“I’m just thinking of you and Jack, I’m willing to do whatever I can to support you.”
“Me too,” Chase said, “Maybe this is a conversation for tomorrow… I’ll stay home to figure it out.”  
“Thank you, that means a lot to me.” Lia said, pulling Chase into a hug. 
“Are we in trouble?” Jack said, walking down the hallway, rubbing his eyes.
“Jack, you should be asleep,” Chase said, walking over.
“But you and momma were too loud, and I lost my bear.”
Chase looked over to Lia. She shook her head.
“Aw I’m sorry you lost your bear, but I have a present for you!” 
Chase rummaged through his bag until he produced a small pink stuffed animal missing its ear. He handed it to Jack and patted him on the head. 
“I found this for you at work!” Chase said, moving to lead Jack to his bed. Lia passed him, heading to bed, trusting Chase with Jack. 
“Really?”
“Yeah, now you said you couldn’t sleep?” 
Jack looked up at Chase, ignoring the light blood stains on his jacket. “...Yes.”
“Do you want me to tell you a story?” 
************
Crum became acutely aware of the barrel of the gun pressed up to his forehead, beads of sweat forming on his face.
“You gonna’ tell me again how it is you lost my daughter?” Blaze said, setting his finger on the trigger, the leather of his gloves lightly squeaking.
“I-it was the Daemon, sir,” Crum said, his voice wavering. He made a point of not taking his eyes off the cool steel.
“I seem to remember you saying you could handle him, “ Blaze said, lightly squeezing the trigger, stopping at the catch.
“Please no! We didn’t mean to!” Crum yelled.
Crum’s yelling was cut short as a bullet ripped through his skull, cyberware sparking as it tore through flesh and metal. His blood splattered the concrete floor behind him. 
“Any of you got a good explanation for your incompetence?” Blaze said, waving his handgun across the room. 
A slender younger man stepped forward and bowed. “We never meant to lose her, but we have a lead on her whereabouts.”
Blaze turned towards him. “Where.” 
“South Atlantic, we suspect their base is in one of the megabuildings there, which narrows it down to three.”
Blaze stepped down from the raised section of the floor, holstering his gun. “Then let’s get going. We have a Daemon to catch.”
*************
Blaze’s gang split into three groups, all searching different megabuildings. The Scavs owned South Atlantic, but Blaze and his men quickly dispatched the ones who tried anything stupid. Blaze joined a smaller group of 5 other men searching the first megabuilding. The remaining 20 were split searching the others.
Blaze kicked open a door, revealing a relatively plain apartment room. This should be the last one of the building. He wondered how the others were getting along with their buildings. His men rushed the room first, performing a sweep of the room before motioning to him that it was safe to enter. He entered, scanning the room for anything out of the ordinary before receiving a call from one of his men. With a nod he answered.
“Yes? Find anything?” He said, turning to leave the room; there was nothing here. 
“I believe we did, a fragment of a datachip and the footage from a nearby camera.”
“Good, I’m heading your way, upload the footage and I’ll review it on the way.”
“There’s something else, sir,” The man said, hesitating before finishing the sentence, “A small bloodsoaked cloth.”
Blaze’s blood boiled—he almost saw red for a second before tempering his rage; It could be honed towards the Daemon later. 
“Good find. Any DNA?” Blaze said through gritted teeth. 
“Yes sir, it’s a match.”
****************
“This story is about a very bad man,” Chase said, sitting on the bed beside Jack. “He stole and robbed and killed people… But the worst thing he did was have a daughter.”
“How is that a bad thing, dad?” Jack said, looking up at Chase.
“Because he didn’t love her, and tried to sell her to very bad people.” 
“That’s so mean!” Jack interrupted, “He’s not a good dad like you!”
Chase chuckled, “Yeah he wasn’t.” He paused, “But that’s not where the story ends, because this story has a hero.” 
“Angel!” Jack shouted.
“Yes, Angel. He found the girl and her dad wasn’t even there with her! She was with her dad’s coworkers. Daemon knew the girl was in danger and saved her!” 
“Yayy!” Jack said enthusiastically.
“He brought her to a new house with a new family and in return… she gave him a pink stuffed animal dog, even though it was missing an ear.”
“That’s like my one.” Jack said under his breath.
“The end!” Chase said, “Time to go to bed. I’ll be here all day tomorrow, so I can tell you stories the whole day.”
***************
Blaze got in the sleek black car, motioning for the driver to head towards the megabuilding where they found the cloth. He sat back in his seat, downloading the footage from the security camera. 
His vision flashed a couple times before swapping to the footage completely. Through the low-quality data, he saw a hallway leading to a lone door. Static. Droning. Then, a person. The Daemon. He was carrying Blaze’s daughter underneath his shoulder with her body hanging eerily lifeless as he opened the door and threw her inside. The footage ended there, or became useless at least. He rewound the footage, searching for any clues that could lead to the Daemon. Anything would be useful, hell he’d take a footprint. Nothing. Nothing. Something. A small object appeared to fall from the Daemon’s jacket as he threw Blaze’s daughter into the room. He blinked, dismissing the footage and returning his vision to the car.
Shortly after, they arrived at the building. His men stood outside the entrance, waiting for him to leave the car. He stepped out and greeted them. 
“We grabbed that chip you saw,” one of them said, handing him a small metal chip. “We already went over it, and believe that it contains the location of the Daemon’s house.”
“Good, take me to that room, I would like to investigate it myself.”
“Of course.” 
They led Blaze through the building, taking a short elevator ride down into the lower levels. After a walk down that hallway he remembered seeing in the footage, they arrived at the room. He stepped into the room, scanning it. 
“Blood, smells like it,” Blaze said, smelling the air.
“We suspect that it could be from that cloth we found.”
“No, this is different, more of it.”
Blaze walked over to the bathroom. “More of it here.”
“With all due respect sir, we already searched the room.”
“And?” 
“Nothing.”
“Then you weren’t looking hard enough,” Blaze said, walking over to the leftmost tiled wall. It was covered in dirt and grime, surely it couldn’t be moved. He pressed his hand up to it, feeling for a mechanism. Nothing. He knocked on the wall to feel if it was hollow. Sure enough, it was. “Told you.” 
His men grunted as he took a step back, holding his arm towards the wall. In one smooth motion, the top of his arm folded out into a small cannon, the cyberware humming as it obeyed his mental command. He motioned for his men to take a step back as the cannon started to glow. With a loud boom, the air lit up as it blasted open the wall, nearly completely obliterating it, revealing a small damp chamber behind it. 
Blaze lowered his arm, the cannon folding back into his forearm. His eyes widened as he looked inside the chamber. In a deep pool of blood lay his daughter. Her limbs were missing as well as her clothes. Her face was frozen in terror. Blaze clenched his teeth as the white hot fuel of rage filled his veins. His men took a step back in a moment of incredible intelligence as Blaze yelled at the top of his lungs, reaching down to the corpse of his daughter.
One of his men leaned in to one of the others, “How old was she?” he whispered. 
“She was only eight years old,” Blaze said in an eerily flat tone. “You said you found his base?” 
“Yes, should I tell the others?”
“Lock down the building but don’t mess with the Daemon.” Blaze said turning to leave, carrying his daughter’s corpse, “He’s all mine.”




Chase lay in his bed next to Lia. Everything was too hot under the blankets but too cold out of them. Could he really leave the Scavs? What would he do to provide for his family? He didn’t like his job with them but it beat typing away at a computer like a corpo. This was stupid. He sat up, making sure not to wake Lia. Maybe he was thirsty? He got out of bed and put on his casualwear, slowly making his way to the kitchen. He opened a cabinet and grabbed a glass from it, filling it up with the faucet in the sink. He took a sip of it as he padded over to the window. He wouldn’t miss the view, that’s for sure. Large neon signs and floating advertisements filled the sky outside, casting a harsh yet comforting glow into the living room. He stood there, looking out the window in a half-asleep daze. His senses were dulled, which is why he nearly dropped the glass when someone started pounding on the front door. 
*************
Jack woke up to the sounds of loud whispers coming from the front door. Dad? Who was the other voice? He got dressed and slowly snuck out into the living room, holding his pink plush close to his chest while peeking around the corner of the front hallway to see his dad. 
“I swear I’ve never seen her before!” His dad said. Why was he lying?
“Don’t do this Daemon,” a cold voice said from behind the door. Who is that?
“I have no idea who that is!” I can always tell when dad’s lying, he’s such a bad liar. Maybe I should help him.
Around this time, he heard footsteps down the bedroom hallway. His mom had woken up. 
“Who’s your father talking to?” His mother whispered to him.
“I don’t know.”
Lia motioned for Jack to stay behind the corner as she stepped out to join Chase at the door. 
“Well well well, you’re married?” The voice said from behind the door. 
“I’m Lia, and who are you? And why are you here in the middle of the night?” 
“I’m just a friend of Chase’s… from work,” he paused, “You know you really should let me in, y’know, manners and stuff.”
Lia’s face was white as a sheet. There was no rejecting a voice like that. The front door creaked as it opened, heavy footsteps signalling the visitor. Jack moved over to the table, getting ready for the conversation ahead. He wasn’t about to let his parents have all the fun. He set his stuffed animal on the table next to him, kicking his legs. 
“You have a kid too?” the visitor said, turning towards Jack, “You’ve been busy.” He took a seat at the head of the table.
Lia and Chase sat at the other end of the table with Jack.
“At least let me put the kid to sleep, Blaze,” Chase said, motioning towards Jack. 
“No, the kid stays.”
*************
Blaze sat across the table from the three. Blood boiling so hot he could barely hold himself back from killing all three of them right there. He scanned the room, glancing around before his eyes landed on the stuffed animal on the table. 
“That’s a pretty stuffed animal, could I see it?” he said, reaching towards the boy. 
“Sure thing! My dad brought it for me from work!” 
Rage. 
Blaze turned towards the Daemon. “You monster,” he hissed. Blaze recognized that stuffed animal from anywhere. It was his daughter’s. He remembered giving it to her on her 3rd birthday, he remembered the pure joy on her face, and then he remembered her mutilated form of pure terror. 
Pure anger flooded his senses, intoxicating him nearly as well as a good drink. He stood from the table and drew his handgun in one smooth motion, pointing it at the Daemon. The wife screamed, attempting to run away before he turned and put a bullet in her head. 
The Daemon threw a cup of noodles at Blaze, but he easily swatted it away. He emptied the rest of his mag into the Daemon, killing him. He turned towards the boy, staring him down. The boy’s face contorted into sadness and terror. Images of his daughter flashed in his mind. He holstered the gun. I’ll be better than him, he thought.
“Come with me, boy, welcome to your new family.”